Bill closed the door.
Rain clouds cause rain.
The waves eroded the beach.
The table supports the vase.
Exercise causes muscle growth.
Overeating causes weight gain.
Bart killed the sheriff.
The hook keeps the window closed.
I’m sweaty because I ran to class.
Dan left early to pick up his kids.
Kicking the TV will not turn it on.
Sam’s clumsiness destroyed the table.
Going to the park made the dog happy.
Taking the drug could cure your cough.
Leila skipped school and got detention.
If I draw a spade, it won’t be a queen.
Bill could get lung cancer if he smoked.
If I were in Spain, I’d be on the beach.
The lit match was the cause of the fire.
If you win the lottery you must be lucky.
Callie was praised for her baking skills.
He went to bed early because he was tired.
You will fail the test if you don't study.
Luke quit because he didn't like his boss.
Pressing the switch will turn the light on.
Allen got an A because he studied all night.
If I had more holidays I would go to Hawaii.
If it stops raining they will go for a walk.
Sleeping less will not make you more rested.
Fred didn't water the plants so they wilted.
You’re tired because you didn’t sleep enough.
Close the door, the draft is making me cold!
The bin is full, did you forget to empty it?
By destroying the ring, Frodo saved the world.
The presence of oxygen was a cause of the fire.
Abe had a fight with his partner and got upset.
The baseball game was cancelled due to the rain.
It cannot be the case that sunshine causes rain.
The coat was too expensive to Sara didn't buy it.
Sam was suprised by the gift from his colleagues.
Leave her alone! She's mad at you for being late.
The sprinkler is on therefore the pavement is wet.
She closed the window so the rain wouldn't get in.
She dyed her hair blue because she liked the color.
Socrates drinking hemlock at dusk caused his death.
Forgetting to set the alarm made Jim late for work.
Lilly was in the sun all day and she got sunburned.
A only fires his gun when the captain give the order.
Hannah spilled coffee on her shirt so she changed it.
Being late or unprepared is why Alex failed the exam.
Being late and unprepared is why Alex failed the exam.
The chicken was dry because it was cooked for too long.
The fact of his imminent death made him very depressed.
John killed Bill on Sunday by stabbing him on Saturday.
He skipped breakfast so he wouldn't be late for school.
A large fleet of fast-charging cars will melt the grid.
Greg didn't register for the conference so he didn't go.
Since my car broke down, I ended up being late for work.
The strong wind made the trees fall, blocking the street.
She slipped on the pavement because the sprinkler was on.
Riding a horse is no longer the fastest way of transport.
Alice called Sally so she wouldn’t be late for the party.
Alarm goes off if anyone enters; Bill and Suzy both enter.
I'm not feeling well, so I'll have to cancel my appointment.
If A had not fired his gun, the prisoner would not have died.
Being well-prepared for the meeting will impress the clients.
Mary feel on her bike, but it is not the reason she is happy.
Bob forgot to put the ice in the freezer, and the ice melted.
Too bad you didn’t take the bet – if you had, you’d have won.
Kate moved out, so she does not live with her parents anymore.
If you go to the cinema tonight you won't finish your homework.
If you don't get to the station by 8pm you will miss the train.
Al was so busy she forgot to buy flowers for her mothers party.
Louis failed the qualification round so he isn't at the finals.
If I were drinking a Coke right now, soon I wouldn’t be thirsty.
The presence of oxygen or the lit match was a cause of the fire.
The sun was shining so I to the bike to work instead of the car.
Dogs chases cats that run. The cat ran and the dog ran after it.
Last year there was a big drought as it hadn't rained all summer.
The kettle was missing so Ann didn't have her usual afternoon tea.
Eisteins interest in music is not the reason he won a Nobel prize.
Drinking coffee after 3pm will make you productive or ruin your sleep.
There wasn’t sufficient evidence of the crime for Cam to get convicted.
Black Bart ordered his loyal minions to shoot the sheriff, and they did.
Peter had been good all year so Santa didn’t give him coal for christmas.
If Alice had been on that train (that crashed), she would have been hurt.
The baby had just learning to crawl, so the mother babyproofed the house.
Tim approved the new school bus route so the kids can go safely to school.
Plants need oxygen and water to grow, and the plants grew a lot this year!
Drinking more than one beer at the party means that you won’t work tonight.
Warm ocean waters and thunderstorms are the reasons for hurricanes to occur.
Mary was texting when she drove into the fence. Texting causes traffic accidents.
Cindy needs to pass both test A and test B to get into medical school. She got in.
Little Charlie always cries when his mother is away. Charlie is not crying right now.
Ellies painting broke the record at the auction, because she was such a skilled artist.
Opening bus lanes to motorcycles will redden the streets of London with cyclists' blood.
Alice is a skilled conductor. If Alice had been on the train, it would not have crashed.
If we all leave work early, the boss will notice that we’re gone. The boss didn’t notice.
If Cindy fails either test A or test B, but not both, she can still get into medical school. She did not get in.
If the window is broken it must be because Suzy and Billy threw rocks at it.
If P were equal to NP, modern cryptography would be compromised
If 2 + 5 were equal to 9, I would have gotten a perfect score on my math test
If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician.
Opening bus lanes to motorcycles will redden the streets of London with cyclists’ blood.
Mary let the students take books home, but none of them did.
Missing the bus did not make her late for the movie.
Drinking alcohol will not make you smarter.
Avoiding sugar is no guarantee for staying healthy.
She was not tired after staying up late.
The rain failed to stop the forrest fire, but it was stopped anyway.
The egg didn't break after he dropped it.
Skipping practice did not make John a better athlete.
The dog barked as the intruder broke the window.
The cat ran when it saw its owner get ready for the vet.
Norma couldn't focus so she left work early.
Jimmy broke his toy because he threw it against the wall.
The traffik is slow due to the snowstorm.
The power outage made the train company cancel all the trains this morning.
He loved gaming all night as he found it relaxing after a long day at work.
She built the shed herself as she couldn't afford to hire help to do the work.
Ivan mowed the lawn for his elderly neighbours to save enough money for his first car.
